Add L1 pectra defense FMA (#197)
ethereum-optimism/design-docs: security/fma-generic-hardfork.md

- **Mitigations:** There are two cases:
    - If the safe transaction couldn’t be successfully executed, then: Revert `OptimismPortal` to use the permissioned fault dispute game as its respected game type. Depending on how much time till the upgrade, a superchain pause would be needed in order to gather necessary the signatures to change the `OptimismPortal`.

>     - If the game implementation was misconfigured and this was detected prior to fork activation, then do the above. If detection occurs post-fork actiavtoin, then follow the [Fault Proofs Recovery Runbook](https://www.notion.so/8dad0f1e6d4644c281b0e946c89f345f?pvs=21) (includes the "Pre-Signed Pause").

Reviewer: activation*

>     - If the game implementation was misconfigured and this was detected prior to fork activation, then do the above. If detection occurs post-fork actiavtoin, then follow the [Fault Proofs Recovery Runbook](https://www.notion.so/8dad0f1e6d4644c281b0e946c89f345f?pvs=21) (includes the "Pre-Signed Pause").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the game implementation was misconfigured and this was detected prior to fork activation, then do the above. If detection occurs post-fork activation, then follow the [Fault Proofs Recovery Runbook](https://www.notion.so/8dad0f1e6d4644c281b0e946c89f345f?pvs=21) (includes the "Pre-Signed Pause").
```

Reviewer 2: Actually the PSPs is not correct anymore and will deprecated soon is better to use `Superchain Pause Incident Runbook` 

```suggestion
    - If the game implementation was misconfigured and this was detected prior to fork activation, then do the above. If detection occurs post-fork activation, then follow the [Fault Proofs Recovery Runbook](https://www.notion.so/8dad0f1e6d4644c281b0e946c89f345f?pvs=21) (includes the [Superchain Pause Incident Response Runbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ooKn16PYXl_iKkv9sK4CemzgqoiQkzUX-ufPzfY9L20/edit?pli=1&tab=t.0).).
```
